[3.1.0] Add a note stating the requirement to change template file before using in Dev first approach (#4678)
wso2/docs-apim: en/docs/learn/api-controller/importing-apis-via-dev-first-approach.md

            !!! note
                You can define scopes for a resource when defining a Swagger2 or OpenAPI3 specification to generate an API.
                
                !!! note

>                     The following example is a template file. Please do the necessary changes to the template file before use this example to generate an API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    The following example is a template file. Do the necessary changes to the template file before using this example to generate an API.
```
